# Coaching Report | Cookiemunsta | 2026-03-04

---

## Good work, but we can go further!

---

#### Buildings:
- `Castle:`
    - STAY AT 25! Do not Level up until buildings, heroes, and gear are caught up.
- `Altars:`
    1. `Human:` Push to 20.
    2. `Nightfall:` Push to 20.
    3. `Forest:` Push to 25.
    4. `Human:` Push towards 25.
    5. `Nightfall:` Leave at 20 for now.

---

> [!warning] STOP PUTTING SHARDS INTO HEROES RANDOMLY
> - Ascend heroes when you can do a full star
> - Do not ascend heroes not in Team 1 with universal shards
> - Only ascend non-Team 1 heroes with hero specific shards

#### Heroes - Priority:
- `Andrew:`
    - `Level:` Get to 125. 41 levels away.
    - `Star:` Get to 4 stars. 2+ away.
- `Sera:`
    - `Level:` Get to 125. 3 levels away.
    - `Star:` Get to 4 stars. 1 star away.
- `Yord:`
    - `Level:` Get to 125. 5 levels away.
    - `Star:` Get to 4 stars. 0.4 away.
- `Monica:`
    - `Level:` Get to 125. 19 levels away.
    - `Star:` Get to 4 stars. 2.2 away.
- `Dragonic:`
    - STOP! He is fine. Do not do anything else, let the others catch up.
- `Rexar:`
    - Wait for him to be added to summoning pool.
    - `Level:` Get and push to match Team level.
    - `Star:` Get to 4 stars.
- `Katares:`
	- Wait for him to be added to the summoning pool.
    - `Level:` Get and push to match Team level.
    - `Star:` Get to 4 stars.

---

#### New Team 1:
- `Frontline:`
    - `First:` Dragonic`
    - `Second:` Andrew
- `Backline:`
    - `Top:` Monica
    - `Middle:` Sera
    - `Bottom:` Yord

---

> [!warning] STOP LEVELLING EVERYTHING AT THE SAME TIME
> PRIORITIZE:
> - Backline: Swords to 40 -> Boots to 40
> - Frontline: Body to 40 -> Boots to 40
> - Orange: Level in 10 level increments as possible, not one level at a time
> - Purple to 10 -> Gold ASAP

#### Gear - Team 1:
- `Sera:`
	- [[lg|Sword:]] **35**
	- [[lg|Helm:]] **24**
	- [[lg|Body:]] **2**
	- [[lg|Boots:]] **11**
- `Monica:`
	- [[lg|Sword:]] **15**
	- [[lg|Helm:]] **10**
	- [[ep|Body:]] **21**
	- [[lg|Boots:]] **1**
- `Yord:`
	- [[lg|Sword:]] **15**
	- [[lg|Helm:]] **10**
	- [[ep|Body:]] **13**
	- [[ep|Boots:]] **21**
- `Dragonic:`
	- [[lg|Sword:]] **13**
	- [[lg|Helm:]] **6**
	- [[lg|Body:]] **12**
	- [[lg|Boots:]] **1**
- `Andrew:`
	- [[lg|Sword:]] **6**
	- [[lg|Helm:]] **0**
	- [[lg|Body:]] **9**
	- [[ep|Boots:]] **18**